chore: enforce commitlint (#5509)
PreMiD/Presences: .github/COMMIT_CONVENTION.md

## Git Commit Message Convention

> This is adapted from [Angular's commit convention](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog/tree/master/packages/conventional-changelog-angular).

### TL;DR:

Messages must be matched by the following regex:

```js
/^(revert: )?(feat|fix|style|refactor|perf|test|workflow|build|ci|chore|types|wip)(\(.+\))?: .{1,72}/;
```

### Known issues

> husky hooks are currently not compatible with GitHub Desktop's commit tool on Node 16+. There is an [open issue](https://github.com/desktop/desktop/issues/12562) about this on their repo, so, unfortunately, there is nothing we can do about this. We recomment either committing through the command line, or using VSCode's source control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
husky hooks are currently not compatible with GitHub Desktop's commit tool on Node 16+. There is an [open issue](https://github.com/desktop/desktop/issues/12562) about this on their repo, therefore, there is nothing we can do about this. We recommend either committing through the command line, or using VSCode's source control.
```
